[Music]
shrimp tempura is a very popular dish at
Japanese restaurants you always hate
this dish out because it's too hard to
make yourself but now this has changed
because of Lobos no fuss ready to make
tempura batter mix and panko breadcrumbs
it comes with full instructions moreover
you don't use all the breadcrumbs you
can keep them for later because of this
convenient ziplock fastener it will save
you money and you won't have to pay for
expensive meals anymore here's the
recipe the ingredients are 500 grams of
shrimps one pack of tempura batter mix 1
cup of cold water 1 pack of panko
breadcrumbs and vegetable oil for frying
now that's everything you need to make a
tempting tempura dish firstly remove the
heads and shells of the shrimp's but
leave the tails on because when we're
done the tails will become orange and
beautiful make 3 to 4 small cuts in the
belly of the shrimps to straighten them
just like with real Japanese tempura
then pour ice-cold water into the
tempura batter mix and lightly whisk it
but not for too long
put the bread crumbs onto another plate
[Music]
when you've got everything stop eating
the oil at a medium heat wait until it
is really hot at about 175 degrees
Celsius take the shrimps dip them into
the batter and then place them in the
bread crumbs that have been sprayed with
water coat the shrimps well pressing
them firmly into the bread crumbs
[Music]
okay now the oil is ready so let's fry
try the shrimps for about 10 seconds
until they are golden brown then take
them out and place them on the rack to
drain the excess oil if the oil is too
hot the shrimps won't be cooked and the
batter will be burnt you can use this
batter with vegetables such as pumpkins
eggplants or baby corns just slice them
into strings coat them and fry
[Music]
if the oil is not hot enough the tempura
won't be crispy and will become oily and
now we're done you've got shrimp tempura
just like in the restaurant serve it hot
it's totally inexpensive you can make it
easily without cooking lessons
[Music]